wami is finished, pleace add it to tldr (#12003)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/wami.md

# wami

> > A tool that recommends suitable programs for specific tasks. Open-source, easy to use.

Reviewer: Maybe we can reword this line to stay consistent with other pages using "open source" and "easy to use" terms.

```suggestion
> An open-source and easy-to-use tool that recommends suitable programs for specific tasks.
```

Author: Thank you

> More information: <https://github.com/evait-security/wami>.

> - Find expanded results in all categories from the lake and [S]ort them in descending order:

Author: Thank you

> - Find expanded results in all categories from the lake and [S]sort them in the specified order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find expanded results in all categories from the lake and [S]ort them in the specified order:
```
There seems to be a small typo, after this the PR is GTG.

Author: Thank you, changes are applied.

> `wami --show-all -S desc --search-all {{search_string}}`

Author: Thank you
